ship: refactor teams to match reorg (#7277)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/teams/devops/update_sg_website_config.md

Our site configuration contains many secrets like OAuth credentials. It is [stored in GSM](https://console.cloud.google.com/security/secret-manager/secret/SITE_JSON/versions?project=sourcegraph-dev) in the `sourcegraph-dev` project. The secrets are synced to the cluster using [Terraform](https://sourcegraph.sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/infrastructure/-/blob/cloud/gsm-secrets.tf), and is managed in the [dotcom workspace](https://app.terraform.io/app/sourcegraph/workspaces/dotcom) on Terraform Cloud.

> > NOTE: syncing new secret versions requires access to Terraform Cloud. Reach out to #ask-security to get access, or request #ask-devinfra or #ask-security to run the workspace for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: syncing new secret versions requires access to Terraform Cloud. Reach out to #ask-security to get access, or request #discuss-dev-infra or #ask-security to run the workspace for you.
```
